How to Install WinEdt?
======================

Start the program Setup.exe (eg. by double-clicking on it in
Windows Explorer) and let the Install Shield guide you through
the rest of installation. If you already have a previous version
of WinEdt installed on your computer make sure to exit WinEdt and
rename the old WinEdt folder to "WinEdt.old" before installing the
new version. Once the new installation is successfully completed
and you no longer have a need for any files in the old WinEdt
folder you can remove the old WinEdt directory as well as the
temporary folder where the archive was first unpacked.

If restoring the previous settings is your greatest priority you
can simply copy WinEdt.ini (and any other customized files such as
dictionaries) from WinEdt.old to the new location. Alternatively,
you can take advantage of WinEdt's Import/ Export functionality
provided in most dialogs to export and import only the selected
configuration components (presumably the ones that you have spend
a lot of time customizing). Note that hours/ days went into
improvements of the default setup in WinEdt 5. Thus you may be
better off if you take it as it is and customize it from scratch.
It is important that you plan the upgrade when you are not badly
pressed by your work so that you can spend a few hours
investigating and reading about the new features in WinEdt 5.

If for some reason the new upgrade fails to satisfy your needs you
can simply restore your old folder and continue to use your older
WinEdt configuration that you are comfortable with...

It is not recommended to install the new version over the old one
as you may end up with a non-operational mixture of old and new
files! You don't need to restart the computer after installing
WinEdt...

_______________________________________________________________________


If you want to archive this installation you can copy the files
to two floppy disks:

WinEdt Disk1:
  All the files except for _0Readme.txt and the two files that
  belong to Disk2 (10 files should go on Disk1)

WinEdt Disk2:
  Disk2.id
  _setup.2

WinEdt can then be (re)installed by starting Setup.exe on Disk1.

_______________________________________________________________________


Additional downloads and the latest news concerning the ongoing
WinEdt project can be obtained at:

        http://www.winedt.com

Questions pertaining to WinEdt should be addressed to WinEdt Team:

        support@winedt.com

Don't forget to check the information in WinEdt's Doc folder!


NOTE: WinEdit is a different editor with its own web page. Do not
mix the two programs and make sure that you send your e-mails to
the right address: WinEdt<>WinEdit!!!

_______________________________________________________________________


This shareware version of WinEdt is fully functional and is not
crippled in any way. Note that some commands make sense only in
certain contexts (for example, when part of the text is selected).
For your convenience such commands are automatically disabled when
they cannot be applied.

Once the trial period has elapsed, WinEdt will begin issuing
warning messages reminding you that the registration is overdue.
While such warnings won't cause any damage to your documents they
will prove rather annoying and distracting. If you are using
WinEdt for serious work you are advised to obtain your
registration data prior to the the end of your trial period to
arrange the registration.


DISCLAIMER: The author of this program accepts no responsibility
for damages resulting from the use of this software and makes no
warranty, either express or implied, including, but not limited
to, any implied warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. This
software is provided as it is, and you, its user, assume all risks
when using it.


WARNING: Entering registration data as publicized by so called
"Crack Teams" and other individuals or organizations that are
trying to sabotage the program by posting their (illegally
obtained) registration data on the internet is strictly
prohibited and may NOT be such a good idea, anyway! Consider
yourself warned against it...

_______________________________________________________________________
